c:\users\studentas\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Snowflake\Snowflake\bin\Debug\le\Snowflake.exe
c:\users\studentas\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Snowflake\Snowflake\bin\Debug\be\Snowflake.exe
c:\users\studentas\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Snowflake\Snowflake\bin\Debug\le\Snowflake.pdb
c:\users\studentas\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Snowflake\Snowflake\bin\Debug\be\Snowflake.pdb
c:\users\studentas\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Snowflake\Snowflake\bin\Debug\Snowflake.exe
c:\users\studentas\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Snowflake\Snowflake\bin\Debug\Snowflake.pdb
c:\users\studentas\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Snowflake\Snowflake\bin\Debug\le\Snowflake.pe
c:\users\studentas\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Snowflake\Snowflake\bin\Debug\le\Snowflake.pdbx
c:\users\studentas\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Snowflake\Snowflake\bin\Debug\be\Snowflake.pe
c:\users\studentas\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Snowflake\Snowflake\bin\Debug\be\Snowflake.pdbx
c:\users\studentas\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Snowflake\Snowflake\bin\Debug\LE\Gadgeteer.pe
c:\users\studentas\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Snowflake\Snowflake\bin\Debug\LE\GHIElectronics.Gadgeteer.FEZSpider.pe
c:\users\studentas\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Snowflake\Snowflake\bin\Debug\LE\GTM.GHIElectronics.Display_T35.pe
c:\users\studentas\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Snowflake\Snowflake\bin\Debug\LE\GTM.GHIElectronics.Joystick.pe
c:\users\studentas\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Snowflake\Snowflake\bin\Debug\LE\GTM.GHIElectronics.UsbClientDP.pe
c:\users\studentas\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Snowflake\Snowflake\bin\Debug\LE\GHI.Premium.IO.pe
c:\users\studentas\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Snowflake\Snowflake\bin\Debug\LE\GHI.Premium.Hardware.pe
c:\users\studentas\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Snowflake\Snowflake\bin\Debug\LE\GHI.Premium.System.pe
c:\users\studentas\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Snowflake\Snowflake\bin\Debug\BE\Gadgeteer.pe
c:\users\studentas\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Snowflake\Snowflake\bin\Debug\BE\GHIElectronics.Gadgeteer.FEZSpider.pe
c:\users\studentas\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Snowflake\Snowflake\bin\Debug\BE\GTM.GHIElectronics.Display_T35.pe
c:\users\studentas\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Snowflake\Snowflake\bin\Debug\BE\GTM.GHIElectronics.Joystick.pe
c:\users\studentas\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Snowflake\Snowflake\bin\Debug\BE\GTM.GHIElectronics.UsbClientDP.pe
c:\users\studentas\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Snowflake\Snowflake\bin\Debug\BE\GHI.Premium.IO.pe
c:\users\studentas\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Snowflake\Snowflake\bin\Debug\BE\GHI.Premium.Hardware.pe
c:\users\studentas\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Snowflake\Snowflake\bin\Debug\BE\GHI.Premium.System.pe
c:\users\studentas\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Snowflake\Snowflake\bin\Debug\LE\Gadgeteer.pdbx
c:\users\studentas\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Snowflake\Snowflake\bin\Debug\LE\GHIElectronics.Gadgeteer.FEZSpider.pdbx
c:\users\studentas\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Snowflake\Snowflake\bin\Debug\LE\GTM.GHIElectronics.Display_T35.pdbx
c:\users\studentas\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Snowflake\Snowflake\bin\Debug\LE\GTM.GHIElectronics.Joystick.pdbx
c:\users\studentas\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Snowflake\Snowflake\bin\Debug\LE\GTM.GHIElectronics.UsbClientDP.pdbx
c:\users\studentas\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Snowflake\Snowflake\bin\Debug\LE\GHI.Premium.IO.pdbx
c:\users\studentas\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Snowflake\Snowflake\bin\Debug\LE\GHI.Premium.Hardware.pdbx
c:\users\studentas\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Snowflake\Snowflake\bin\Debug\LE\GHI.Premium.System.pdbx
c:\users\studentas\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Snowflake\Snowflake\bin\Debug\BE\Gadgeteer.pdbx
c:\users\studentas\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Snowflake\Snowflake\bin\Debug\BE\GHIElectronics.Gadgeteer.FEZSpider.pdbx
c:\users\studentas\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Snowflake\Snowflake\bin\Debug\BE\GTM.GHIElectronics.Display_T35.pdbx
c:\users\studentas\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Snowflake\Snowflake\bin\Debug\BE\GTM.GHIElectronics.Joystick.pdbx
c:\users\studentas\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Snowflake\Snowflake\bin\Debug\BE\GTM.GHIElectronics.UsbClientDP.pdbx
c:\users\studentas\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Snowflake\Snowflake\bin\Debug\BE\GHI.Premium.IO.pdbx
c:\users\studentas\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Snowflake\Snowflake\bin\Debug\BE\GHI.Premium.Hardware.pdbx
c:\users\studentas\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Snowflake\Snowflake\bin\Debug\BE\GHI.Premium.System.pdbx
c:\users\studentas\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Snowflake\Snowflake\bin\Debug\Gadgeteer.dll
c:\users\studentas\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Snowflake\Snowflake\bin\Debug\GHIElectronics.Gadgeteer.FEZSpider.dll
c:\users\studentas\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Snowflake\Snowflake\bin\Debug\GTM.GHIElectronics.Display_T35.dll
c:\users\studentas\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Snowflake\Snowflake\bin\Debug\GTM.GHIElectronics.Joystick.dll
c:\users\studentas\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Snowflake\Snowflake\bin\Debug\GTM.GHIElectronics.UsbClientDP.dll
c:\users\studentas\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Snowflake\Snowflake\bin\Debug\GHI.Premium.IO.dll
c:\users\studentas\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Snowflake\Snowflake\bin\Debug\GHI.Premium.Hardware.dll
c:\users\studentas\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Snowflake\Snowflake\bin\Debug\GHI.Premium.System.dll
c:\users\studentas\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Snowflake\Snowflake\bin\Debug\Gadgeteer.pdb
c:\users\studentas\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Snowflake\Snowflake\bin\Debug\Gadgeteer.xml
c:\users\studentas\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Snowflake\Snowflake\bin\Debug\GHIElectronics.Gadgeteer.FEZSpider.pdb
c:\users\studentas\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Snowflake\Snowflake\bin\Debug\GHIElectronics.Gadgeteer.FEZSpider.xml
c:\users\studentas\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Snowflake\Snowflake\bin\Debug\GTM.GHIElectronics.Display_T35.pdb
c:\users\studentas\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Snowflake\Snowflake\bin\Debug\GTM.GHIElectronics.Display_T35.xml
c:\users\studentas\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Snowflake\Snowflake\bin\Debug\GTM.GHIElectronics.Joystick.pdb
c:\users\studentas\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Snowflake\Snowflake\bin\Debug\GTM.GHIElectronics.Joystick.xml
c:\users\studentas\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Snowflake\Snowflake\bin\Debug\GTM.GHIElectronics.UsbClientDP.pdb
c:\users\studentas\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Snowflake\Snowflake\bin\Debug\GTM.GHIElectronics.UsbClientDP.xml
c:\users\studentas\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Snowflake\Snowflake\bin\Debug\GHI.Premium.IO.xml
c:\users\studentas\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Snowflake\Snowflake\bin\Debug\GHI.Premium.Hardware.xml
c:\users\studentas\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Snowflake\Snowflake\bin\Debug\GHI.Premium.System.xml
c:\users\studentas\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Snowflake\Snowflake\obj\Debug\TinyCLR_DebugReferences.cache
c:\users\studentas\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Snowflake\Snowflake\obj\Debug\Snowflake.Resources.resources
c:\users\studentas\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Snowflake\Snowflake\obj\Debug\Snowflake.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\studentas\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Snowflake\Snowflake\obj\Debug\Snowflake.Resources.tinyresources
c:\users\studentas\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Snowflake\Snowflake\obj\Debug\TinyResGen.cache
c:\users\studentas\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Snowflake\Snowflake\obj\Debug\Snowflake.exe
c:\users\studentas\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Snowflake\Snowflake\obj\Debug\Snowflake.pdb
C:\Users\studentas\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Snowflake\Snowflake\obj\Debug\Snowflake.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\studentas\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Snowflake\Snowflake\obj\Debug\be\Snowflake.pe
C:\Users\studentas\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Snowflake\Snowflake\obj\Debug\be\Snowflake.pdbx
C:\Users\studentas\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Snowflake\Snowflake\obj\Debug\le\Snowflake.pe
C:\Users\studentas\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Snowflake\Snowflake\obj\Debug\le\Snowflake.pdbx
